doc(release) Release notes collect 24.04.12 gorgone 24.04.9 (#4517)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.04.12

Release date: `July 28, 2025`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

> - [Broker] Added a new function in the lua cache to access host group alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Added a new function in the lua cache to access host group aliases.
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Engine] Fixed an issue with long checks that prevented Engine from stopping.

> - [Resource status] Fixed issues on tags (filters on host groups, host categories, service groups, service categories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resource status] Fixed an issue where filters on the following elements didn't work: host groups, host categories, service groups, service categories.
```

> - [Resource status] Fixed an issue where filters on the following elements didn't work: host groups, host categories, service groups, service categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resource status] Fixed an issue where filters on the following elements did not work: host groups, host categories, service groups, service categories.
```
